my name is welcome a gameplay of
2015 not here is simulating the cup of
France
a meeting between psc paris and san
german before those of Monaco seemed like a
nice meeting to simulate the truth
is that I did not simulate normally
encounters of France the truth very little
for never saying the truth I like
play with psg when he is in
champions league simulate encounters but
well this time I think there is a
good coming match I like the
Monaco a little bit maybe because he played
Red
james little falcao maybe that's why I do not
they have some affection for this team
so
I'm playing with psg and the machine is
the ace of monash I think it's going to be a
nice encounter remember that the ace of
Monaco comes to beat the arsenal of
the champions league
an encounter that good the truth that
he was quite surprised but today this team
the Monaco al near the
suit
and paris saint german how is the
Paris Saint Germain and the Champions
I remember I think it won define
I do not remember the truth
eleven
and good
let's see how we are doing with psm what
who has a better team because that's what they say
Zlatan ibrahimovic has it so
Shepherd is also on horseback
an excellent team is this fish that the
truth is going to bump zlatan that the tan
It is a beast
the pce zlatan talking about zlatan
ibrahimovic
and this is the pound does not lack
tattoos that have the hands of
correct that not
as well as the main players
better known should perfect it
when the team needs it always
Answer good lords 10 and quickie 10
cavani ibrahimovic schlatter we go silver
do not leave silver no no no no no
pastore where are you help from shepherds
ready to know if there
s for intent to love
almost gets the goal with once and look
look
close to close close 41 minutes already going to
finish the first time so
love 10 the goal of zlatan while the
second sir is a fucking bullet in the
face with a lot of hammer a mallet that more
an anvil has on the foot the how do you
hit
ends the first time gentlemen
ends the first time they have to
be satisfied with what was done in that
first half and especially with the
result but still waiting for the second
part and it's not easy to start the
second time gentlemen with the same
paris who wins the most from local 1 for 0
against the Monaco marker
a match in which the Monaco has not
done absolutely nothing good a
approach but the truth very little I
had another that like four get a
can decisions
david luiz
who has the black hair monkey diaz
and well you also have to correct
You can also edit not
they did not want to stop it, it happened very comfortable
in the middle but he lacked decision to
define
because it is very lonely up can not
to be has to accompany someone
then we went back
receives the pass from the area
boys
I lost the value definitely
joao moutinho
the type touches plays touches finally
but what good cavani
all male and cavani
as such
for this corner gentlemen
but few gentlemen no one arrives the
ball
but nobody louis that you were very yellow
that referee of the yellow cock that does not
protects them
the bird dog luisa that looks like a
post point
how to do that
now if we go
but the cta loses it
in person
no no no no
uy
they were close to drawing errors
humans
but they almost tied the game
that close the truth that I saw it in a
month something missing 5 to finish the
commitment
this second time does not say
absolutely nothing nothing at all
very little that second time of much a
corner shot the truth in this team
I definitely took the ball
already going to end the game so
not today
gentlemen bolt of the monaco
goal of the Monaco
it would tie ending the match
as few in expensive and will not kick
surprising
worse I could not finish that match
gentlemen tied but I think it's fair
because the Monaco took away the value of
second time so
If I make the goals, I have to see them
do so this thing with good
we have one more arrival can be can
be
uh what the fuck
Well, the party has already
fulfilled the time
the person and thus ended gentlemen paris
saint germain psg 11
pitifully good because I had to
I have won but hey why
see you until next time you know that
I like the video eating in share
sign presents gamer are expected aldo